Today we're going to be looking at Vibe
coding with Pixel Lab. And I think it's
time to make a tile set. So now I'm
going to tell it to use the Pixel Lab
MCP and make a top down 32x 32 grass and
dirt tile sets. I'm going to tell it to
check and download it and import it to
the project. All right, so it should be
in our project now. See? Yep, there it
is. Now, let's tell it to use the tile
set and make a map with it. And as you
can see, it read the documentation. It
basically knows how to use the tile sets
we made with Pixel app. All right. So,
now that we have our map, we have a
couple of enemies, we have our attacks,
our death animation, I think we're just
missing a projectile and maybe some
droppable items, and we should be good
to go. If you enjoyed this clip, make
sure to check out the full video and
check out pixel app.ai.
[Music]